(ViVi talking to the camera and HeeJin & Chuu whispering each other)
ViVi: I guess they can't hear what they are saying
ViVi: You have to talk through here
ViVi: And it's really hard to hear because of the glass
(However, it looks like they don't care the glass)
ViVi: I have bangs...
ViVi: So I have to put this on my head like Chuu everyday...
ViVi: And this is...
(HeeJin & Chuu still stealing ViVi's spotlight...)
(Endless talking, endless stealing attention)
'They stole the attention behind you...'
ViVi: Yeah
Chuu: We always do this at home~
HeeJin: Sorry~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/YeoJin - Kiss Later"
(Other members continuing to show their performances!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves - new"
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Chuu - Heart Attack"
(Passionate Chuu!)
(She's trying really hard!)
(The excitement in the practice room still lingers!)
Chuu: No~
HeeJin: Perfect performance!
HeeJin: I was watching it with smiling like a mom~